ok so I'm I just wanted to make a quick
video on something I've been working on
recently it is basically a storage
warehouse and it also has like quick
kits what crickets or sets which I've
named them here they're basically things
like and safe I'm in a rush or something
and I don't want to rummage through all
my chests I basically pick which one of
these are want and you come straight to
him its got like a set of things in like
tools or food or some link and I've got
three at the moment so I'm safe I'm I
don't know safe I'm in a rush and I want
to go mine real quick or I've lost a few
items and I want to go and get them back
I can press I can call set one which is
like tools and torches and then once
that's here it's got you know set of
tools and a sword few blocks torches and
then some lever for awesome armor and
then if I want to send that back because
I called set one only to make sure this
is flipped which is they return set one
and then just there pushes button and I
need to fix that my party put another
powered round here where ya at the
moment you knew you need to use these to
send them back before you press this
button and but i'm probably going to
make it so you can just press this
button and then you'll automatically
change the tracks for you so I'm safe I
need food now I can just call set to and
then that'll be a chest full of food
there you go
and then obviously only to send that one
back and then with this third one there
is no real need for this lever because
it's the last one in their system it's
automatically set up like the the back
thing the return thing so that's no
that's not really needed this one book
it's just they're just so it's a it
looks all matching and then the last one
is just a few blocks another thing this
has is a storage area so if you have
time and you want to go and put things
in chess or you want to refill these
cards and these sets or quick it's just
hop in his car press the board and then
you'll go through here um now I'm kind
of made it laid out so it's all matching
and they're all organized so this would
be set 1 and this is obviously the the
swords and tools and stuff and you can
reach every single chest from here and
let's go old weapons and torches and
stuffing and treasures and you can also
reach the workbench if you need it and
if you want to go to the next area just
press that one this is set to which had
all the food in these chests are empty
book you get the idea can you put food
or farming stuff in here and again you
can reach the workbench in here as well
and then to get to the last one just
press the button again and there this is
set three way you can refill and these
are just the blocks I mean each one of
these walks i got this board if you want
to send this right to the front and you
can do with that bond and again you can
reach all the chests and the workbench
from here and then you press the button
to go back and that is it so it's not
too impressive but um I spend a lot of
time messing around with it I haven't
copied anyone doing it I didn't look any
tutorials and how to do something la
just messed around from here and can all
this so let me know what you think and
there's also work benches in here in
this little waiting area so yeah let me
know what you think I'm probably going
to improve only quite a lot boy i think
it's a it's a nice thing you can add
like a let's play world or something
which I might end up doing we have
regarding my LP it will be back up
probably this week if you can sell it if
you can tell by the sound my voice at
the moment I'm kind of sick I'm game
babble I just want to make a quick video
on this so yeah let me know you think
about this and there might be I well
download in the description and if not
just put in the comments that you want
their world download and then I'll pour
point in the description this is the the
back area where the that they're like
the quick kids go to refill themselves
everything gases on the ground on the
red stone and I'll pull the other tracks
and stuff but yeah let me know you think
let me know if you want a world download
for it but yeah thnkx watching and I
shall see you next time goodbye